# Exercise 2

In this exercise, you will further enhance your SQL fluency using the XAMPP framework (Apache web server + MySql)
### Instruciton for win pc:

1. Download and install XAMPP (https://www.apachefriends.org/). 
2. Launch the XAMPP control panel by searching XAMPP in the search box.
3. Start the Apache Web server and the MySql database server by clicking their respective start buttons.
4. Click the Admin button on the MySql row to start the phpMyAdmin web interface to interact with MySql via GUI and SQL statements. 
5. CREATE 10 tables using SQL create table statements inside XAMPP/mysql
6. INSERT at least 10 tuples in each of the table. 
7. Execute 10 SELECT statement such that each statement will join at least two tables. Two of them should be generated by ChatGpt, but you need to explain their meanings (what are returned) to deserve full credits. 
8. Show and explain the result of these 10 SELECT statements in voice in a video. Submit all SQL statements in a file called sql.txt. 

### Instruction for Mac:

 
1. Download and install XAMPP from https://www.apachefriends.org/. If you're using an M1 or M2 Mac, the latest version may not work for you. Instead, install xampp-osx-8.1.6-0-installer.dmg from https://sourceforge.net/projects/xampp/files/XAMPP%20Mac%20OS%20X/8.1.6/. On macOS, before the first installation attempt, go to System Preferences > Security & Privacy > General and select App Store and identified developers. If XAMPP is blocked after the initial attempt, revisit the same settings and click Open Anyway to proceed with the installation.
2. Launch the XAMPP Control Panel by searching for "XAMPP" using Spotlight Search.
3. Start the Apache Web Server and the MySQL Database Server by clicking their respective "Start" buttons. If both buttons turn green, the services have successfully started.
4.  Open a browser and visist    http://localhost/phpmyadmin/  to access the mysql admin pannel. There in the sql tab you will be able to execute your query.
5. CREATE 10 tables using SQL create table statements inside XAMPP/mysql
6. INSERT at least 10 tuples in each of the table. 
7. Execute 10 SELECT statement such that each statement will join at least two tables. Two of them should be generated by ChatGpt, but you need to explain their meanings (what are returned) to deserve full credits. 
9. Show and explain the result of these 10 SELECT statements in voice in a video. Submit all SQL statements in a file called sql.txt. 

Note: the grading will be based on your fluency of SQL and your explanation skills of the result. 
